you
greetings i am the soviet warlord and
today we are going to be revisiting the
lotto handgun a lot o is the
standard-issue handgun given to all
hello from the moment they begin this
tutorial serving as an able backup
weapon for your primary the lattices
limited the use outside of the beginners
game it takes no resources to build and
indeed no mastering rankin to use see
the video description for details if you
have lost your plateau in the time play
in the game this weapon stats on by no
means impressive 4.5 impact 4.5 puncture
and 19 / damage give this guy a very
mediocre look it is a fairly accurate
weapon though with a rating of 18.2
hitting targets further away is not a
problem you also have 15 shops for
dispense or needing a reload which can
be done in just one second base you are
limited to a semi-automatic firing cap
of 6.7 rounds per second adicolor for
most but the fast trigger fingers might
suffer an unusual trait of the lotto is
the non-uniform critical multiplier of
the weapon 1.8 x goes against many
trends a lot of weapons tend to have a
1.5 x or two times the lotto being right
in the middle but with a five percent
chance of actually striking critically
you won't be doing this very often it's
definitely not worth capitalized
bear in mind if you wish to fully
maximize the following build you will
need seven formers whether you choose to
invest this money is completely up to
you we will be utilizing some very
powerful modifications to turn the motto
into an enforcer style pistol capable
utility in a variety of situations
hornet strike starts us off paired with
bounder fusion to necessities for any
pistol builder lethal torrent increases
our chances of hitting a third bullet on
target for a gun with such mediocre
damage squeezing the extra shots after
there is well worth it while 15 shots is
healthy and manageable the higher firing
cap given to you by lethal torrent like
you deplete your magazine very quickly
so instead having 24 shots from tainted
clip with very little impact to your
reload time that's potency to your
accuracy for a very lethal combination
next up we elect seeker granting us the
ability to put bullets to recover as a
2.1 meters thick with a good awareness
there's nowhere for your enemies to hide
and one shot can even bring down an
entire line of targets for our
situational emphasis and pathogen rounds
come sick with the counterparty pistol
pestilence granted through status chance
higher damage given to you by pathogen
rounds makes a lot more sense as the
latter has only 1% status chance and it
isn't even worth considering we will
then double this up with the compulsion
to give you a corrosive mix you may only
be shy of 300 damage per bullet but it
hits very hard on armor giving a 75 send
bonus against selected renea armour
tights you can also do some pretty nice
bonus damage against some investigation
units finally we elect to heat it charge
making a secondary damage type designed
to tap into the health of any biological
units you come across the combination is
especially effective against good
and infested so use it very well so
that's the build centric on Raw damage
but given utility to mix this makes the
lotto effective both are killing enemies
that long distance should your primary
weapon be out of ammo or relying on it
as a backup as a quick shooting killer
should you get jumped it suits almost
any situation so Alexia accordingly I am
Soviet war log and this has been an
episode of stack mods builds reloaded if
you wish to know when your favorite
weapon is going to be coming out on the
series please check a video description
below for details and the schedule to
the Facebook page the schedule will tell
you roughly when your episode is going
to be coming out so stay tuned thank you
for watching guys peace out